# B-Ring-Group-3
This is the project repository for the Bee Ring Senior Capstone Project group. This repository contains the code for the Bee Ring android application. This mobile application connects to users' Bee Ring Viam Devices and pulls data to display to the user, graph, and send alerts. This data consists of temperature, humidity, and robot power at this moment.

In order to build this project, a flutter development environment must be setup. Prior to running the app in VS Code, please follow the instructions on the following page:
https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows/mobile

And to get the application onto a phone you need to enable developer mode on your phone and connect it to your computer via a USB. A prompt will display on your android device that allows you to verify the MAC address of the PC. Just accept the prompt. Then in VS code you can target the device to build out the application on your phone. Once you build out the prototype on your device you may exit debug mode. The application can now be used. 

The application itself, described in brief, works like this:

You start at the login screen, but if it's your first time you need to click register to create an account. Once you supply an email and password for your account, this information is stored in a firebase database. This is detailed in the User and Technical documentation on GitHub. Once you create an account in the register screen, you can use it to login. For testing purposes, a user named bees@test.com with password beesbees is setup with data to demonstrate the system. This user is also aready connected to the appdev1 device. For a new user, you must click add hive in the top right and supply apikey information to uniquely identify a Bee Ring smart device. Once connected, you can click alerts to see if sensor readings are within safe ranges, you can click sensors to see current humidity, temp and power data. Humidity and temp will also be stored in a firebase Database that is created on registering for a user to store bot data. Each time the page is refreshed,  humidity and temp is stored with a timestamp. When you go to graphs page, the prototype displays dummy data, but when you click refresh in the bottom right it pulls humidity and temp data into the graph. The dropdown allows you to choose to view ranges of data points starting with the most recent 7 up to the most recent 180.
